feat(Curriculum) Add A1 Spanish Module 1 (#62201)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/es-a1-learn-greetings-during-the-day/68c896d45893e91d602f0373.md

---
id: 68c896d45893e91d602f0373
title: Task 9
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-9
---
<!-- (Audio) Camila: Hola, buenas tardes -->

# --instructions--

Listen to the audio and answer the question below.

# --questions--

## --text--

What time of day is it?

## --answers--

Afternoon

---

Morning

### --feedback--

This greeting is used later in the day, not in the morning.

---

Evening

### --feedback--

> This greeting is used earlier in the day, not in the evening.

Author: ```suggestion
The greeting Camila is saying is used earlier in the day, not in the evening.
```

---

Night

### --feedback--

> The speaker is not saying "good night". Listen again carefully.

Author: ```suggestion
The speaker is not saying "good night".
```
